# machine_vision_DREslami
project DR Eslami
Soorena_Lotfiarjmand
Segmentation of brain images is one of the most important parts of clinical diagnostic tools. Brain images Mostly the correct segmentation of brain images has noise, heterogeneity and sometimes deviation. So, It is a very difficult task. However, the correct segmentation process of these images is required for correct detection The help of clinical tools is very important and has a decisive role. Here we review the method used in brain segmentation. This review of issues related to methods Imaging, imaging with magnetic resonance and noise reduction methods, heterogeneity correction, etc Segmentation is covered. In the end, by presenting a topic about future research trends in the field We conclude brain segmentation.The active connector model, also called the snake model, is a computer vision tool used by Michael Kass, Andrew Vitken and Demetri Terzopoulos are introduced. Snake models in computer vision It is popular and this model is widely used in applications such as object tracking, recognition Shape, edge detection and stereo matching are used.Image segmentation means dividing an image into homogeneous parts, one of the fundamental issues inVarious applications are not only remote sensing but also optical imaging and medical image analysis Accurate brain image segmentation has become one of the most important issues in applications segmentation can be based on image voxel features, neighborhood information, or Geometrical features. Difficulties to obtain accurate image segmentation from noise, heterogeneity, effect The volume is derived by partial derivatives and very complex geometry of the shell.
my video about main article:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rsvOG99-YIPVxzwWPS575uQ579vRJTqH/view?usp=drive_link
my video about main propozal:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HblCBd6zCki3xPQN1w8M-ctlyVGebBom/view?usp=drive_link
my video about new article:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LKSg6gMHPYHEng5hyRkWNQjZnGmvySPG/view?usp=drive_link
my video about new propozal:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1y9FctdiBGN2iYT5lV6ydfHrBafrUyRCE/view?usp=drive_link
my video about impact factory:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PQyrdVmkUVPrJK6gGYpS99Mb6JpDv6bY/view?usp=drive_link
Soorena_lotfiarjmand
40114140111009
